Beyond binary classification -- Config (#135)
epic-open-source/seismometer: docs/user_guide/index.rst

each model. This allows for a more informed decision-making process when
selecting the best model for a given task.

Categorical Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This section presents Likert plots, which are stacked horizontal bar charts, to 
> explore and compare various categorical columns, particularly those related to 
> categorical feedback. Likert plots are a powerful visualization tool for 
> understanding the distribution of responses across different categories, making 
> them ideal for analyzing feedback data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section presents Likert plots, which are stacked horizontal bar charts, to 
explore and compare various categorical columns. While these plots support any
categorical data with less than 7 categories, they are primarily designed for those 
related to categorical feedback. Likert plots are a powerful visualization tool for 
understanding the distribution of responses across different categories, making 
them ideal for analyzing feedback data.
```

Author: FINC.

The `ExploreOrdinalMetrics` tool facilitates the comparison of the distribution 
of different feedback columns for a specific cohort. This tool allows you to 
visualize how feedback varies across different categories, helping to identify 
patterns and trends in the data. For example, you can see if certain feedback 
categories are more prevalent for specific readmission risk levels.

Furthermore, the `ExploreCohortOrdinalMetrics` tool enables the exploration of 
the distribution of a specific feedback question (categorical column) across a 
cohort attribute (e.g., `Age`). This tool is particularly useful for understanding 
how feedback varies across different demographic groups. For instance, you can 
analyze how feedback on clarity differs among age groups, providing insights into 
whether certain age groups find the data more or less clear.

> Using these tools provide a comprehensive understanding of the feedback 
> data, identify areas for improvement, and make informed decisions to enhance the 
> effectiveness of your data. The visualizations generated by these tools make it 
> easy to compare and interpret the feedback, facilitating better communication and 
> decision-making.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using these tools provides a comprehensive understanding of the feedback 
data, helps identify areas for improvement, and enables the user to make 
informed decisions. The included visualizations make it easy to compare,
interpret, and share data.
```

Author: FINC.
